The other thing I remember, when you have the Passover, you only eat leavened bread, the matzo.
Not only do you only eat leavened bread, but all the crockery and the cutlery and the food that you eat has to be leaven-free.
Now you could say, well, how is a plate, you know, leaven-free?
What you do is you have separate plates, you have separate cups, you have separate sauces, everything.
And you put the stuff for the rest of the year in the cupboard and you take this stuff out and you have that for the eight days of Passover.
Why am I telling you this? Because even the milk had to be the right kind of milk for Passover.
So we used to take a tin can, go down to the farm at the bottom of the road, and we used to milk the cow straight into the can.
It was to take it home and that's what we drank, that kind of milk.
We couldn't get it from the milkman because it wasn't kosher enough.
It's amazing, we were like, King back.